May - July 2021 Roadmap (#19187)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: ROADMAP.md

# Roadmap:  May 2021 - July 2021

Every few months, the team will highlight areas of focus for our work and upcoming research.

We select items for inclusion in the roadmap from the Top 10 Community Issues, [Core Services](docs/CORE_SERVICES.md), and internal priorities. Where community sourced contributions exist we will work with the authors to review and merge their work. Where this does not exist or the original contributors are not available we will create the resources and implementation ourselves.

Each weekly release will include necessary tasks that lead to the completion of the stated goals as well as community pull requests, enhancements, and features that are not highlighted in the roadmap. To view all the items we've prioritized for this quarter, please see the [Roadmap milestone](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws/milestone/138).

This roadmap does not describe all the work that will be included within this timeframe, but it does describe our focus. We will include other work as events occur .

> In February 2020 to April 2021 846 Pull Requests were opened in the provider and we merged 947(as of April 13th), adding support for:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the period spanning February to April 2021 846 Pull Requests were opened in the provider and 947 were merged, adding support for:
```
